fix for #1591 (#1592)
latex3/latex2e: base/doc/ltnews41.tex

\githubissue[s]{1101 1028}

\subsection{Prevent \texttt{cmd} hook from defining an undefined command}

> Using \verb=AddToHook{cmd/FOO/...}= when the command \cs{FOO} was

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using \verb=\AddToHook{cmd/FOO/...}= when the command \cs{FOO} was
```

undefined resulted in the command becoming \cs{relax}. Thus, if used,

> it no longer raised an \enquote{Undefined csname} error but silently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it no longer raised an \enquote{Undefined control sequence} error but silently
```
